#EXTM3U

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/tv1-live-streaming-online.webp",TV1
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/tv1.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/tv2-live-streaming-online.webp",TV2
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/tv2.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/tv3-live-streaming-online.webp",TV3
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/tv3.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/tv6-live-streaming-online.webp",TV6
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/tv6.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/didiktv-live-streaming-online.webp",DidikTV
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/didiktv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/8tv-live-streaming-online.webp",8TV
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/tv8.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/tv9-live-streaming-online.webp",TV9
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/tv9.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/astro-awani-live-streaming-online.webp",Awani
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/awani.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/berita-rtm-live-streaming-online.webp",Berita RTM
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/berita-rtm.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/tvs-live-streaming-online.webp",TVS
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/tvs.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/tv-okey-live-streaming-online.webp",Okey
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/okey.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/tv-alhijrah-live-streaming-online.webp",Alhijrah
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/alhijrah.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/astro-oasis-live-streaming-online.webp",Oasis
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/oasis.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/astro-ceria-live-streaming-online.webp",Ceria
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/ceria.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/astro-ria-live-streaming-online.webp",Ria
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/ria.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/astro-prima-live-streaming-online.webp",Astro Prima
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/prima.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/astro-citra-live-streaming-online.webp",Astro Citra
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/citra.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/boo-hd-live-streaming-online.webp",BOO
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/boo.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/heroes-hd-live.webp",Heroes HD
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/heroes.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/astro-sensasi.webp",Astro Sensasi
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/sensasi.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/dunia-sinema-hd.webp",Dunia Sinema HD
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/duniasinema.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/unifi-siar.webp",Unifi Siar
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/unifi-siar.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/astro-aura-live-streaming-online.webp",Aura
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/aura.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/astro-rania-live-streaming-online.webp",Rania
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/rania.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/astro-arena-live-streaming-online.webp",Arena
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/arena.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/astro-arena-2-live-streaming-online.webp",Arena 2
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/arena-2.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/arena-bola-live-streaming-online.webp",Astro Arena Bola
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/arena-bola.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/arena-bola-2-live-streaming-online.webp",Astro Arena Bola 2
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/arena-bola-2.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/sportsuhd-live-streaming-online.webp",Astro Sports UHD
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/sportsuhd.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/astro-grandstand-live-streaming-online.webp",Astro Grandstand
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/grandstand.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/astro-premier-league-live-streaming-online.webp",Astro Premier League
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/premierleague.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/astro-premier-league-2-live-streaming-online.webp",Astro Premier League 2
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/premierleague2.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/astro-football-live-streaming-online.webp",Astro Football
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/football.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/astro-badminton-live-streaming-online.webp",Astro Badminton
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/badminton.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/astro-sports-plus-live-streaming-online.webp",Astro Sports Plus
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/sportsplus.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/unifi-sports.webp",Unifi Sports
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/unifi-sports.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/skysportstopevent.webp",Sky Sports Top Event HD
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/skysportstopevent.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/skysportsfootball.webp",Sky Sports Football HD
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/skysportsfootball.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/skysportsf1.webp",Sky Sports F1 HD
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/skysportsf1.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/fifa-club-world-cup-live.webp",FIFA Club World Cup Live HD
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/fifa-club-world-cup.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/sukan-rtm-live-streaming-online.webp",RTM Sukan
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/rtm-sports.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/spotv-live-streaming-online.webp",SPOTV
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/spotv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/spotv-2-live-streaming-online.webp",SPOTV2
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/spotv2.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/bein-sports-live-streaming-online.webp",beIN Sports
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/bein-sports.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/bein-sports-2-live-streaming-online.webp",beIN Sports 2
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/bein-sports-2.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/bein-sports-3-live-streaming-online.webp",beIN Sports 3
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/bein-sports-3.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/premier-sport-live-streaming-online.webp",Premier Sports
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/premier-sports.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/wwe-network-live-streaming-online.webp",WWE Network
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/wwe-network.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/golf-channel-live-streaming-online.webp",Golf Channel
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/golf-channel.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/astro-cricket-live-streaming-online.webp",Astro Cricket
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/astro-cricket.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/mutv-live-streaming-online.webp",MUTV
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/mutv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/w-sport-hd-live-streaming-online.webp",W-Sport
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/w-sport.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/hbo-live-streaming-online.webp",HBO
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/hbo.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/cinemax-live-streaming-online.webp",Cinemax
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/cinemax.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/axn-hd-live-streaming-online.webp",AXN
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/axn.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/hbo-hits-asia-live-streaming-online.webp",HBO Hits
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/hbo-hits.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/hbo-signature-live-streaming-online.webp",HBO Signature
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/hbo-signature.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/hbo-family-live-streaming-online.webp",HBO Family
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/hbo-family.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/warner-tv-live-streaming-online.webp",Warner
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/warner.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/one-hd-live-streaming-online.webp",One HD
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/one.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/tvn-hd-live-streaming-online.webp",tvN
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/tvn.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/tvn-movies-live-streaming-online.webp",tvN Movies
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/tvn-movies.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/kbs-world-hd-live-streaming-online.webp",KBS World
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/kbs-world.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/k-plus-hd-live-streaming-online.webp",K-Plus HD
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/k-plus-hd.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/hits-hd-live-streaming-online.webp",HITS
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/hits.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/hits-movies-live-streaming-online.webp",HITS Movies
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/hits-movies.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/hits-now-hd-live-streaming-online.webp",HITS Now
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/hits-now.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/showcase-movies-live-streaming-online.webp",SHOWCASE Movies
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/showcase-movies.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/mtv-live-streaming-online.webp",MTV Live HD
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/mtv-live-hd.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/history-hd-live-streaming-online.webp",History
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/history.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/discovery-live-streaming-online.webp",Discovery
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/discovery.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/discovery-asia-live-streaming-online.webp",Discovery Asia
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/discovery-asia.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/lifetime-live-streaming-online.webp",Lifetime
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/lifetime.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/love-nature-live-streaming-online.webp",Love Nature
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/love-nature.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/hgtv-hd-live-streaming-online.webp",HGTV HD
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/hgtv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/bbc-earth-live-streaming-online.webp",BBC Earth
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/bbc-earth.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/crime-investigation-hd-live-streaming-online.webp",Crime & Investigation
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/crime-investigation.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/tlc-hd-live-streaming-online.webp",TLC HD
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/tlc.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/asian-food-network-live-streaming-online.webp",Asian Food Network
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/asian-food-network.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/astro-tutor-tv-smk-live-streaming-online.webp",Astro Tutor TV SMK
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/astro-tutor-tv-smk.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/global-trekker-tv-live-streaming-online.webp",Global Trekker TV
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/global-trekker-tv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/bbc-lifestyle-live-streaming-online.webp",BBC Lifestyle
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/bbc-lifestyle.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/outdoor-channel-hd-live-streaming-online.webp",Outdoor Channel HD
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/outdoor-channel-hd.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/bernama-tv-live-streaming-online.webp",Bernama TV
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/bernama-tv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/aljazeera.webp",Al Jazeera News Live Stream
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/aljazeera.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/bbcworldnews.webp",BBC News Live Stream
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/bbcnews.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/cna-channel-news-asia-live-streaming-online.webp",CNA News Live HD
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/cna.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/cnn.webp",CNN News Live Stream
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/cnn.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/skynews.webp",Sky News online live streaming
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/skynews.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/astro-hua-hee-dai-live-streaming-online.webp",Hua Hee Dai
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/hua-hee-dai.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/iqiyi-hd-live-streaming-online.webp",iQIYI HD
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/iqiyi-hd.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/astro-aec-live-streaming-online.webp",Astro AEC
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/astro-aec.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/astro-aod.webp",Astro On Demand
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/aod.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/tvb-classic-live-streaming-online.webp",TVB Classic
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/tvb-classic.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/celestial-classic-movies-live-streaming-online.webp",Celestial Classic Movies
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/celestial-classic-movies.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/celestial-movies-live-streaming-online.webp",Celestial Movies HD
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/celestial-movies-hd.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/astro-qj-live-streaming-online.webp",Astro QJ
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/astro-qj.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/zee-cinema-live-streaming-online.webp",Zee Cinema
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/zee-cinema.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/bollywood-hd-live-streaming-online.webp",Bollywood HD
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/bollywood-hd.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/bollywood-classic-movies.webp",Bollywood Classic Movies
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/bollywood-classic.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/astro-vaanavil-hd-live-streaming-online.webp",Astro Vaanavil HD
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/astro-vaanavil-hd.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/astro-vinmeen-live-streaming-online.webp",Astro Vinmeen
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/vinmeen.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/astro-adithya-live-streaming-online.webp",Astro Adithya HD
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/astro-adithya-hd.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/colors-hindi-hd-live-streaming-online.webp",Colors Hindi
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/colors-hindi.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/colors-tamil-hd-live-streaming-online.webp",Colors Tamil
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/colors-tamil.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/star-vijay-hd-live-streaming-online.webp",Star Vijay
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/star-vijay.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/astro-abo-live-streaming-online.webp",ABO Movies Thangathirai
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/abo-movies.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/zee-tamil-live-streaming-online.webp",Zee Tamil
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/zee-tamil.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/sun-music-hd-live-streaming-online.webp",Sun Music HD
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/sun-music-hd.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/sun-tv-hd-live-streaming-online.webp",Sun TV
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/sun-tv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/animax-live-streaming-online.webp",Animax
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/animax.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/cartoon-network-live-streaming-online.webp",Cartoon Network HD
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/cartoon-network.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/nickelodeon-live-streaming-online.webp",Nickelodeon HD
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/nickelodeon.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/dreamworks-hd-live-streaming-online.webp",Dreamworks
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/dreamworks.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/nick-jr-live-streaming-online.webp",Nick Jr.
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/nick-jr.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/moonbug-kids-live-streaming-online.webp",Moonbug Kids
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/moonbug-kids.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/cbeebies-live-streaming-online.webp",CBeebies
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/cbeebies.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/sooka-filem-mantap-live-streaming-online.webp",Filem Mantap
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/filem-mantap.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/sooka-drama-hebat-live-streaming-online.webp",Drama Hebat
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/drama-hebat.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/sooka-lawak-sentral-live-streaming-online.webp",Lawak Sentral
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/lawak-sentral.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvmalaysia.live/images/sooka-drama-hotpot-live-streaming-online.webp",Drama Hotpot
https://placeholder.tvmalaysia.live/stream/drama-hotpot.m3u8
